== BOO! TRAIN!
... What?

This is nothing. Turn around and don't come back! YEAH YOU'D BETTER RUN!... The
name was even auto generated, so don't even.

=== Dependencies
Made for Debian, not a whole lot else. The extra required Debian packages from
a base Debian _JESSIE_ install are:
- ruby
- bundler
- libsqlite3-dev

Though Ruby and bundler can be installed via RVM, or however you want.

Ruby gems can be installed as usual: <tt>bundle install --path=vendor/bundle</tt>

=== Deployment
The +Dockerfile+ is the source of truth for how to install, deploy, and run the
app.

==== Docker
Docker is the supported method of deployment, and should be used unless you
have some stupidly good reason not to (which is a general statement about
everything you do; It's 2014, after all).

To build, and install simply run <tt>docker build .</tt>

To run on port 3000, <tt>docker run -p 3000:3000 <your container></tt>. Persistent
data will come in a bit, but feel free to mount the sqlite db as a volume.

==== Bad, unsupported, not-cool, not-Docker steps
Did we mention that this is unsupported, and that you shouldn't do this?

    bundle install --path=vendor/bundle
    bundle exec rails server

=== Utils
The +entrypoint.sh+ file wraps +rake+, and +rails+ in order to provide a single
entry for Docker. You may do:

    <entrypoint> rake <your rake task>
    <entrypoint> rails <your rails command>
    <entrypoint> <any console command, or command from the bundle bins>

Where <tt><entrypoint></tt> is one of <tt>docker run ...</tt>, or +./entrypoint.sh+

==== License
Copyright (c) 2014, Ricky cook
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
